hello everyone Nathan here and today I'm
just going to be introducing our
temporary hunger games / survival game
server and the server is not whitelisted
so anybody who bought the game can join
and IP will be down below in the
description but anyways i'll be i'll be
going over some of the commands and just
a little overview of the maps so anyways
you spawn right here in this area this
general area I don't know respond over
here over there but I'll just find in
the general area and this is the lobby
so there's nothing really fun to do here
unless you want to jump around no drink
some water but that water's nasty but
anyways so straight ahead from the spawn
there the arena so we have three Reena
Reena one which can hold 12 people
reading to which kernel 24 and iterators
do bikram full 24 as well so 60 slots
that can be sold now these arenas are
just custom apps they're not the big sur
valve game maps but they're also fun an
epic trust me they're really awesome but
anyway so the way to join the game is
really simple just right click one of
these signs so if 100 arena 12 strictly
the sign the sign and Ernie to the Sun
and rain interview this side and where
it's just waiting that means it's just a
waiting people play like that started
yet and if it says in game that means
the games are we started now for the
blank signs this is where it lists the
players that are in game so for example
if I tried to read it to my name is up
here that means is that i'm a get and if
my name is grey that means I've died and
i spawned all the way back here and you
won't be able to join until the game is
done so anyways if you want to spectate
a game it's really simple all you gotta
do touch type / SG spectate and the
arena that you want to spectate so if
wanna spectator 83 then you put number
320 number 22 and same things one
so now let me just give you a quick
overview over the arenas and hopefully
we'll see you guys in survival game
servers so now the thing i forgot to
just say is that when if you're in a
game that you don't want to join and
only got you just type / SJ space leave
and you'll spawn right back in the lobby
so now let's just go to the over so here
is the arena one the first map it's a
little ship port combined with some
little fantasy stuff like a house being
destroyed by flower a giant bird some
airships and a port town over there a
small little castle and in general a
really cool math reminding like a super
mario world that's really bright and
great first survival games for arena 2
we have a giant pirate ship and inside
the ship and behold a little city just
go inside here you'll see that there's a
little city connected with bridges down
here they are you respawn not many chest
at the beginning but if you do walk away
from the middle you will see that
there's a lot of stuff you can find like
over here and up here so it's a really
cool place to adventure it's pretty much
little city inside ship and looks great
and for arena 3 we have a jungle map so
it all goes to jungle vibe we got a
little ruin thing for the spawn over
there we have a ruin which the over here
we go
and across the bridge we got a torch
looking thing a little village and a
giant looking tree beside a waterfall
and that's pretty much it so guys I hope
you enjoyed the video and hopefully
we'll see you guys on the server and the
IP will be down below in description and
it's not whitelisted so anybody can join
and we'll have lots of fun and hopefully
you guys will have lots of fun too this
will just be up until we get the real
server up and running we're still
working on some stuff because we have
some custom plugins working be worked on
but anyways guys thank you for watching
us Nathan signing out see you guys later